>> The Russian military is
reportedly looking to clone
ancient warriors.
Is it possible?
And if so, why would they do it?
This is Gaia News.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
In the Siberian
Republic of Tuva lies
the remains of Scythian
warriors and their horses,
buried for nearly 3,000 years.
Now, Russia's defense
minister, Sergei Shoigu,
apparently wants to put
them back into action.
According to ancient origins,
Shoigu has announced his desire
to clone the
3,000-year-old soldiers,
telling the Russian Geographical
Society, quote, "Of course,
we would like very much to
find the organic matter and I
believe you understand
what would follow that.
It would be possible to
make something of it,
if not Dolly the Sheep.
In general, it will
be very interesting."
Dolly the Sheep refers to the
first mammal ever cloned back
in 1996.
Now, a Russian Swiss
archaeological team
is reportedly searching for
viable DNA from the graves
to clone the ancient warriors.
But many scientists
are skeptical that this
is even possible.
No human has ever been
cloned, that we know of.
Billy Carson, the founder
of Forbidden Knowledge,
and the author of The Compendium
of the Emerald Tablets,
on this development.
>> There's a huge possibility
that the Russians could clone
Scythian warriors,
or for that matter,
any major government can do
it, because we've had so many
decades now in
research into cloning.
Think of all the
black budget projects
that are going on behind the
scenes, unacknowledged projects
that the general population
has no idea about.
And just recently,
they've actually
admitted that they can take
a skin cell from someone,
through the right
laboratory conditions,
turn that skin cell into a
stem cell, and then from there,
turn that stem cell into
any cell in the human body,
including cloning
an entire body.
So if they can admit
to that publicly,
we can only imagine
what they really have
going on behind the scenes.
>> Assuming this technology
is even possible,
that they could clone
these ancient warriors,
there's an ethical question
surrounding cloning humans
and certain unintended
consequences.
>> You've got to really
question the morality of it.
You're taking a
clone of someone.
Obviously, this being may not
come back with full memory.
But because of
epigenetics, there
will be epigenetic memories.
And this is now proven
in science and biology,
that we store 15
to 20 generations
of our ancestors' memories
and experiences in our DNA.
And it comes in through the RNA.
And so if they clone
these soldiers,
you have to ask the question,
what kind of ancient memories
are going to be impacting them?
How will they respond
to this modern era?
And then also, what
ancient thoughts
are going to come that may make
them decide to, either attack,
they are an army, for God sakes.
I mean, they can really
do whatever they want.
They're trained military.
And so it could be a
bloodbath, or it could
be something that works out.
But I kind of tend to
think it would probably
be bad for both sides.
>> Some believe our ancient
ancestors may have had
supernatural powers and
connection to nature.
Given the man behind this plan
is the minister of defense,
it's safe to assume he would
want to weaponize these powers.
>> One of the reasons for
them looking into this ancient
cloning could be that they're
trying to tap into some ancient
knowledge and ancient wisdom.
It could be that our ancestors,
or maybe even our cousins,
maybe not even Homo sapiens
sapiens yet, in some cases,
if you can clone
them, you could find
that we had a better
connection with nature,
maybe had the ability
for telekinesis,
psychic abilities,
ability to communicate
with one another silently
without actually having
to move your mouth, just
transferring thoughts
back and forth.
It's possible they
could be trying
to replicate what
mankind maybe should be
or trying to aspire to.
Maybe they were doing
that way back then,
and it could be
that they're trying
to replicate that right now
and speed the process up.
>> This whole story may
sound like science fiction.
But Billy Carson believes
this may have been
written about many years ago.
>> According to the ancient
tablets, stone tablets,
you find out about an
ancient Egyptian named Thoth.
And in these tablets,
he writes that he
had the capability of
creating bodies, which to me,
kind of really signifies he
had the ability to make clones.
And he would transfer
his consciousness
into those avatar bodies.
And then in the text,
he says he would walk
amongst men, but unlike a man.
And according to the
ancient Egyptians,
he ruled over the land of
Egypt for 14,000 years.
That's quite a bit of time
for one person to rule.
And he's been seen
all over the planet
in various different
cultures, leading
me to believe that he may
have had the ability to do
this technologically.
>> Cloning technology
is not necessarily bad.
Scientists are working
to clone lost limbs
and regrow spinal
cords, possibly
being able to cure
neurodegenerative diseases
in the near future.
But perhaps, when it comes
to cloning ancient warriors,
it's best to let the
dead rest in peace.
For new perspective,
this is Gaia News.
[MUSIC PLAYING]